Update meeting-policies-participants-and-guests.md (#7954)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/meeting-policies-participants-and-guests.md

|**People in my organization, trusted organizations, and guests**     |Authenticated users within the organization, including guest users and the users from trusted organizations, join the meeting directly without waiting in the lobby.  Anonymous users wait in the lobby.   |
|**People in my organization**    |Authenticated users from within the organization join the meeting directly without waiting in the lobby.  Users from trusted organizations, guest users, and anonymous users wait in the lobby.          |
|**Organizer only**    |Only meeting organizers can join the meeting directly without waiting in the lobby. Everyone else, including authenticated users within the organization, guest users, users from trusted organizations, and anonymous users must wait in the lobby. On the Teams client meeting options page, it appears as "Only me".          |

> |**Invited users only**    |Only invited users and meeting organizers can join the meeting directly without waiting in the lobby. Everyone else, including authenticated users within the organization, guest users, users from trusted organizations, and anonymous users must wait in the lobby. On the Teams client meeting options page, it appears as "People I invite". User added as a part of Distribution List will have to go through Lobby.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Invited users only**    |Only invited users and meeting organizers can join the meeting directly without waiting in the lobby. Everyone else, including authenticated users within the organization, guest users, users from trusted organizations, and anonymous users must wait in the lobby. On the Teams client meeting options page, it appears as "People I invite". Users added as a part of a distribution group will have to go through the lobby.      |
```
